Fix/codelabs text (#955)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/codelabs/src/basics/lit-html.md

- Conditional rendering
- Handling events
- Managing data

> - Creating encapsulated components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating child components
```
While its true that they're encapsulated, I think in the context of the codelab it makes more sense to say 'child' component, to demonstrate how parent/child relations work

</html>
```

If you run this in the browser and see '_My todo app_' on the screen, you're good to go.

## lit-element setup

> [lit-element](https://github.com/Polymer/lit-element) takes care of most of the boilerplating when creating components. This provides a great developer experience while staying close to the browser platform and does not require any build steps to run in the browser. It's a mere 7kb in size and makes it the ideal choice if you care about performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[lit-element](https://github.com/Polymer/lit-element) takes care of most of the boilerplating when creating components. This provides a great developer experience while staying close to the browser platform and does not require any build steps to run in the browser. It's a mere 7kb in size which makes it an ideal lightweight choice.
```

imo 'if you care about performance' comes off a little stand-offish

</html>
```

Make sure that you add `type="module"` to the script tag.

<aside class="notice">

> In this example we are using `unpkg`, a CDN where we can easily import any modules that are available on NPM. When working on a real project, it is a good idea to rather use an actual package manager such as NPM or yarn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we are using `unpkg`, a CDN where we can easily import any modules that are available on NPM. When working on a real project, it is a good idea to use an actual package manager such as NPM or yarn.
```

If you run this in the browser you should see `lit element connected` logged to the terminal.

<aside class="notice">

>   Because the LitElement class also does some work in the `connectedCallback` method, so we should always call `super.connectedCallback()`. This is a common source of bugs and confusion, so make sure to remember this!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Because the LitElement class also does some work in the `connectedCallback` method, we should always call `super.connectedCallback()`. This is a common source of bugs and confusion, so make sure to remember this!
```

`;
```

This is a native browser feature called [tagged template literals](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals#Tagged_templates). The `html` tag is just a function that gets called with information about the template literal that it's attached to. We won't go into details of how it works exactly. By using this syntax, `lit-html` can very efficiently create templates and update only the parts that changed when re-rendering.

> Most popular IDEs support the highlighting of HTML inside template literals, but for some you might need to install a plugin. [See our IDE section](https://open-wc.org/developing/ide.html#visual-studio-code) to learn more about that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most popular IDEs support syntax highlighting of HTML inside template literals, but for some you might need to install a plugin. [See our IDE section](https://open-wc.org/developing/ide.html#visual-studio-code) to learn more about that.
```

more clear

> lit-element has a `render` function that is called each time the element is updated. Inside this function, we need to return the template that we want to be render on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lit-element has a `render` function that is called each time the element is updated. Inside this function, we need to return the template that we want to render to the page.
```

}
```

Because template literals allow us to place any expression inside of the curly braces, we can use ternary operators for quick and easy conditional logic.

> You should now see three todo items on the screen and the first one is already finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now see three todo items on the screen, where the first one is already finished.
```

}
```

> To the add button we attached an event listener that listens for the `click` event. This is done by prefixing the event name with a `@`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the add button we attached an event listener that listens for the `click` event. This is done by prefixing the event name with a `@`:
```

}
```

When this event handler is called, we create a new todo item and add it to the array of todos. Next we need to trigger a re-render so that we can display the new todo item on the screen. We can do this by calling the `requestUpdate` method which exists on any element that extends from the `LitElement` class.

When you click add, you should see the new element appear on the screen.

This allows us to observe the awesome power of lit-html in action. If you inspect the DOM while adding a new todo item, you will notice that only the new todo item is flashing:

![todo](./assets/add-todo.gif)

> When something in the DOM inspector flashes, it means that the browser is doing actual work to update the DOM tree. This is very expensive, things like the styles and layout need to be recalculated up and down the element tree, so it is wise to minimize this as much as possible. lit-html knows exactly what changed where and it will update only that part, making it much more efficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When something in the DOM inspector flashes, it means that the browser is doing actual work to update the DOM tree. This is very expensive, things like the styles and layout need to be recalculated up and down the element tree, so it is wise to minimize this as much as possible. lit-html knows exactly what changed where and it will update only that part, making it super efficient.
```

Right now we're triggering updates manually whenever we make a change. This is fine for some use cases, but it can get pretty cumbersome and we are not able to respond to changes triggered by parent components.

> It's better to let `LitElement` observe data changes for us and then trigger the updates were necessary. We can do this by defining `todos` as a property of our element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's better to let `LitElement` observe data changes for us and, trigger updates when necessary. We can do this by defining `todos` as a property of our element.
```

This way when you change the property on your element, it goes through a custom getter/setter function which triggers an update only when the new value passes a simple equality check.

> For strings, numbers and booleans this will work without any problems. However, if you are using arrays or objects and mutate them it will not trigger any update. This is because the actual array or object itself did not change. We need to use an immutable data patterns, where a new object is created for each change. This is a common pattern in front-end to simplify data flow and make change detection easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For strings, numbers and booleans this will work without any problems. However, if you are using arrays or objects and mutate them it will not trigger any update. This is because the actual array or object itself did not change. We need to use immutable data patterns, where a new object is created for each change. This is a common pattern in front-end to simplify data flow and make change detection easier.
```

}
```

> The delete button should now be fully functional. Due to the fact that filter returns a new array, `LitElement` will automatically detect the changes and then re-render our component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The delete button should now be fully functional. Because filter returns a new array, `LitElement` will automatically detect the changes and re-render our component.
```

<div></div>
```

A big exception to this is `aria-` attributes, which do use literal "true" and "false" values. Notice the inconsistency, how lovely :)

</aside>

> We're listening to the input's `change` event, and then update our data when the checkbox value is changed. Besides the todo object, we are also passing along the event object itself. We need this to be able to get the value of the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're listening to the input's `change` event to update our data when the checkbox value is changed. Besides the todo object, we are also passing along the event object itself. We need this to be able to get the value of the checkbox.
```

Now that we can manage our todo items, it's pretty easy to display some more information about our list. For example, we can add the total amount of finished and unfinished items.

These are not new sources of data, but rather a simple calculation based on existing data. We could do these calculations inline in our template where we want to display them, but this can get messy, pretty quickly.

> Good practice is to use the top of your render function as a place to prepare variables with some meaningful names and then use them in your template. This provides the best readability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Good practice is to use the top of your render function as a place to prepare variables with some meaningful names to use them in your template. This provides the best readability.
```

> Let's add our calculations to the render function, and then display the calculated amounts in the template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add our calculations to the render function, and display the calculated amounts in the template:
```

}
```

> Remember that the render function sometimes gets called quite frequently. If the computations are expensive, it's better to only do them once and then cache the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that the render function can be called quite often. If the computations are expensive, it's better to only do them once and cache the results.
```

}
```

If you refresh, the UI should remain unchanged. If that is the case, congratulations! You're now composing elements like a pro :)

> In the template that we added we're seeing something different than before. We're passing along our list of todos to the `todo-list` using an attribute with a `.` in front of it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the template we added, we're seeing something different than before. We're passing along our list of todos to the `todo-list` using an attribute with a `.` in front of it:
```

```js
html`
  <todo-list .todos=${this.todos}></todo-list>
`;
```

> This is lit-html specific syntax that allows you to set a property on the element instead of an attribute. The differences between attributes and properties often confuses a lot of people, but it's actually a very simple concept to grasp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is lit-html specific syntax that allows you to set a property on the element instead of an attribute. The differences between attributes and properties often confuses a lot of people, but it's a very simple concept.
```

customElements.define('todo-list', TodoList);
```

> The styles we define here only apply to our element. This is guaranteed, because we are using shadow DOM the is built in the browser and lit-element does not need to do any extra work. This means we can write simple CSS selectors, and we don't need to worry about causing conflicts with styles defined elsewhere on the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The styles we define here only apply to our element. This is guaranteed, because we are using shadow DOM which is built in the browser and because of that, lit-element doesn't need to do any extra work. This means we can write simple CSS selectors, and we don't need to worry about causing conflicts with styles defined elsewhere on the page.
```
